FileManager and Gantt: new api (#666)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/UploadInfo/bytesUploaded.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> The count of bytes that is already uploaded to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of bytes that is uploaded to the server.
```
